chore: bump changelog for 2.9.2 (#3834)
pybind/pybind11: docs/changelog.rst

Starting with version 1.8.0, pybind11 releases use a `semantic versioning
<http://semver.org>`_ policy.

> Changes will be added here periodically from the special block in pull request
> descriptions.

Author: ```suggestion
Changes will be added here periodically from the "Suggested changelog entry"
block in pull request descriptions.
```
